Hello dear friends with you baiser
in this video I would like to make you up
tutorials how to first open
ports via torrent
and how to fix an error at startup
server to give sports and began to open
ports here is a torrent such 331 click on
the construction of someone thread may be another
the helper should not be written here
settings or something else but still
can live control for you will open in
so here is debt now
well, let's not be more powerful
here and zakhara choose here the port that
You want to open the test speed test
there you can choose the country nearest to
you were a city ​​flying this or continent
horseradish learns click save and
shut down
you 2pir should appear and sit in
network connections work
ok so here then what later
go to the site in port scan
can by 2 and kicking more doors about
Kurdish and exit here the port that you
have opened
check you should be written port
open and everything should be fine
the following about the server to with now
show you based on my server
You opened the ports and started
server sampa worked for us an extra day
turn off the computer
You run the hds and it gives you this
here's the mistake you don't know what to do
there do not understand what it is to start
kill the internet you do not panic for hours
I'll tell you everything to begin with
torrent and remember when to open from
clipart his side should all the time
never be in autoload
close and when you want to turn in
at the server right now I close it
and pressing the exit yes all right we go in
hal ds
put here sir who man sport who
we opened the knife so
I seem to be running the server now
second here it is necessary to throw the process so
you type the port was closed we start
Holder with push start
we wait
bye server dive so let's
the server has loaded everything everything works for us
but no one will be able to type juice in you
closed ports that tomb we run
torrent settings
server settings assistant twice
click on the check mark and test everything
equal to the site will you have a cross or
This is the main thing that you network was in
alright save and sunset just
Click on the cross he will have you in
tray icon here will go further on
port scan
just 02 and pi
make any difference kill it in port push
check the port open all restarted
server stop server run again
waiting for all the server is ok to you can
go people
but also not to ask such questions, they can
go pipe
this is your ip by which you enter
the server is you and you are your friends
should give ip
I'll tell you what pressure cska is better
know these are my dumplings copy here
copy your ip
copy it and give it to friends plus
sport
so here you give in general all learned
I hope you all understand I hope someone
helped if someone did not help add
me skype skype will be under video in
description
to ask I will answer with pleasure on
questions who helped put Like
subscribe to the channel at the teams will help
respectively add sky will explain everything
let's plan ourselves have been the basis of everything for now
Good luck to everyone and remember that all the time
his friends on that ip which
you have written it here now again referring
Well, here can parts
the stage should be given later: here and the port
give them everything they come why video
I'll show you how to quickly upload to
server ok let's all bye everyone
good luck myself was baiser
Subscribe to the channel soon
there will be more new videos for now